Add immutable Monitor model (#566)
BoboTiG/python-mss: docs/source/release-history/v10.2.0.md

To maintain compatibility:

> - string-key access will temporarily continue to work

Reviewer: Just to make it clear even to new programmers:

```suggestion
- string-key (dictionary-style) access will temporarily continue to work
```

- `grab()` will continue accepting dictionaries

> The compatibility access does not make `Monitor` a complete mapping.  Migrate dictionary methods, membership tests, and
> unpacking to attribute access:
> 
> ```python
> monitor.left
> monitor.top
> ```
> 

Reviewer: I might suggest that we either list all the attributes, or even just the four coordinate ones, or if we want a brief list, just put them inline.  I think that just a couple inline would be fine here.

```suggestion
The compatibility access does not make `Monitor` a complete mapping.  Migrate dictionary methods, membership tests, and
unpacking to attribute access, such as ``monitor.left`` and ``monitor.top``.
```
